- Sumimasen.
- Hai.
- Domo.
- Hai. Arigato.
- Hai.
- Please take us here.
- Your Japanese is excellent.
- Thank you.
- First time in Japan?
- First time anywhere.
- Long flight. Must be tired.
- I'm fine.
I've never been better.
- Our Heavenly
Father, thank You for this day
and for this wonderful group
of people in Kitakyushu.
Sister Porter
Please help us
to share Your teachings...
Good morning!
Would you be interested
in free English lessons?
- And love
to those who need it in Japan.
- Excuse me.
Free English lessons?
- In the name
of Jesus Christ...
- Amen.
- Sumimasen. Konnichiwa.
Would you be interested
in free English
lessons?
Let's start.
What's your name?
Free English lessons?
How old are you?
Arigato gozaimasu.
I am 21 years old.
Where are you from?
I'm from Utah.
Konnichiwa.
Would you be interested
in the teachings of the Lord?
- No thanks.
- Hi.
Would you like to learn
the teachings of the Lord?
- What are you doing here?
- Can I come in?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
I'm in trouble, Pol.
- So...you were like a nun?
- No, we don't have nuns.
I was a missionary.
- For how long?
- Eighteen months.
Kitakyushu.
- And you did not
kill yourself?
- It's considered an honor.
- Mm-hmm.
- I loved it.
Really.
I just...
I couldn't go home
when it was over.
- Why?
- I stole 4 million in cash
from the local mission fund.
- You--you stole $4 million?
- Yen.
- Okay.
- Not dollars. Yen.
- Because for a moment,
I thought, like--
- No, like 40 grand.
- Yeah.
- Just to get to Tokyo,
get myself set up,
build a life.
- In Tokyo?
You should have taken more.
- It's not funny, Pol.
It's not funny.
This is bad, okay?
If this guy, if he turns me in
and the church requests it,
they could extradite me.
Send me home.
- I'm immigrant.
I know what extradite is.
But just for 40 grand?
You can pay that back
with interest.
- It's a crime.
I committed a crime.
I would never be able
to come back here.
- Mm, I get it.
- I love my life here.
I don't wanna lose everything
that I made.
I made this.
This is me.
I cannot go back there.
- Okay. Okay.
So this guy who found you,
he didn't turn you in yet,
right?
- Mm-mm.
- So what's it gonna take
to make him go away?
- Hello?
- Seriously, Joshua,
how many messages
do I need to leave
before you call me back?
- Ma.
- Should I make something up?
Tell you someone's died?
Would that warrant a check-in?
- Jesus. Really?
Hey, so yeah.
Is everything all right?
How's everything?
- Everything is not all right.
Your sister's getting worse.
She's slipping back.
That's why I've been calling.
- Okay.
Uh, I don't know
what she's telling you
or not telling you,
but Jessica is fine, okay?
She's not that fragile anymore.
Can you trust me on that?
- Oh, why,
because that's what she says
on the--on the tapes
that she sends you
6,000 miles away,
and you think you're getting
the whole picture?
If you were here,
you would see.
Just come home.
A short visit, that's all.
- I have...a job.
- Well, you also have
a family, Joshua.
- It's Jake.
Not Joshua.
Jake.
- That's not your name.
And if you don't wanna hear
about your sister from me,
you can hear it
from your father.
- No. Do not put him on.
I do not wanna--
I do not wanna talk to him.
- Hey, Eddie. Eddie!
- No, I--
- Do not put him on.
- You two need
to work this out.
Eddie, it's Joshua.
Pick up the phone.
Pick it up.
I will do my best!
Ahh. Ah-ah--
This is real Aikido, huh?
- It's Aikijutsu.
Get up.
You okay, old man?
I'm no old man!
You're good.
I saw you bring coffee
the other day to Katagiri.
Jealous?
That lone wolf shit of his,
it makes men enemies.
- A man without
enemies is no man at all.
- What the fuck is that
supposed to mean?
Listen to what I'm telling you.
- Uh, what, he's got enemies?
What, on the force?
- Not just on the force.
Cops like me, we bend the rules
so we can get the job done.
But Katagiri,
he ignores the rules
because everything he does
is for himself.
Be careful
who you put your trust in.
- Katagiri-san.
- The information you requested
about the mole in Chihara-kai.
- Thank you.
That's great. Thank you.
Why don't you
just give it to him?
Um, don't you think
that would be...
better or more appropriate?
- No.
- If you don't mind me
asking...
What do you get out of this?
How does this help you?
- Who have you been talking to?
- No one. I'm just curious
why you would go through
all this trouble for Ishida.
- For Ishida?
- Yes.
Ishida says the cops think
he is bribing one of them.
Don't you think
it's our own interest
to find out if that's true?
- No, absolutely.
- In fact, the mole inside
Chihara-kai works for Tozawa.
Ishida has a traitor
in his house
who's spreading rumors
on behalf of his enemy.
Giving Ishida the name
of that traitor
puts those rumors to rest.
- Mm.
- Have you made progress with
the information I provided?
The loan sharks?
- Yes.
Then we hit
a bit of a dead end.
But I'm not gonna stop.
I'll keep pushing.
I won't let you down.
- If Ishida
will be grateful for that,
he will offer
a favor in return.
Do not take it.
- Why?
- When you accept favors
from the yakuza,
you open a door.
Once open,
it is very hard to close.
Lie down
with dogs, rise up with fleas.
Got it?
- Wait, is this advice
that you give
to all your reporters or...
Why are you helping me?
You are like the son
I never had.
- Really?
- I don't know
what to do with him.
My sister and her husband
threw him out
because they were at
each other's throats.
But everything I have him do
at my store, he fucks up.
And I lose customers.
I need someone to make a man
out of him.
Before it's too late for him.
- I understand.
You talk to him.
- Oi.
Wanna be a loser all your life?
I'm asking you a question.
- No.
I was just like you.
But now...
What we do? It's cool.
Cool clothes. Cool cars.
And you make money.
Money for you.
Money for your girlfriend.
Money for your family.
You can either be at
this address this afternoon...
or stay a loser all your life.
Choice is yours.
- "Choice is yours."
You wrapped that up nicely.
- You told me to recruit him.
- When I was recruiting you...
I knew you'd be worth
the investment.
- Thanks.
- Whatever happened
with your gaijin girlfriend?
You straighten the bitch out?
- Yeah.
- Your help is appreciated.
Now, what can I do for you?
- Nothing. Thank you.
- Women, perhaps.
- No.
- Money then?
- I'm okay. Thank you.
I'm off now.
- Perhaps you could use
another source of information,
one that operates freely
within a world that
is otherwise closed to you.
Yours is
a competitive profession.
Not everyone succeeds.
One must find an advantage
wherever he can.
- There is something
I want to ask you.
Do you know this company?
- I do.
I know this company.
- Is it...
your organization?
- This is not Chihara-kai.
Yes...
we are in the loan business.
All major yakuza are.
But this...
driving customers to suicide
to collect insurance payouts,
this is not the righteous path.
- If I wanted to figure out
who they were,
how would I do that?
- Do not look for the people
who gave the loans.
Look for the people who didn't.
- We've been looking
in the wrong place.
Come on.
The people
we spoke to originally--
I just called
some of them again.
Each of those families,
before they ended up here,
they went here first.
- Suzuno?
My parents
have a home loan with them.
They're legitimate.
- That might be true.
But all of our victims
went to Suzuno first,
got turned down,
and then were
specifically directed
to these sketchy fucks.
And then we know
what happened next.
- Chase it.
- This way please.
- Hai.
Excuse me, your appointment
has arrived.
Go ahead.
- Sugita-san.
- Mr. Adelstein, yes?
- Yes. Uh...
Thank you so much
for taking the time
at your work to meet with me.
- No problem.
- Um, I'm comfortable
speaking English,
if you please.
- Oh. Oh, wait.
You don't like my Japanese?
- Oh, no, no. I loved it.
- Just joking.
Well, the view here
is amazing, huh?
- Yes, it is.
- Great office and--oh.
- Please.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- So you are
an American journalist.
- I'm American
and a journalist. Yes.
- You're with, uh,
"The Wall Street Journal"?
- No. I wish.
I'm--I'm just doing
some research today
for a colleague of mine
who's doing a st--
sorry, I forgot.
Uh, do you mind if I, uh,
record our conversation?
- Oh, not at all.
- Thank you.
Uh, the story
is about the growing
personal debt crisis in Tokyo.
- Yes. It is truly a problem.
- But the reason
why I wanted to
speak to you specifically,
Mr. Sugita,
is because Suzuno Financial's
profitability
has remained admirably stable
during this tough time,
has it not?
- Yes, it has.
- And your record
for avoiding customer
loan default is very low.
- Correct.
We are very discerning
in our client selection.
- I see. I see.
Oh, uh,
can I show you something?
- Sure.
Who are these people?
- You should know.
Your very discerning bank
turned them down for loans here
and sent them elsewhere,
to this place,
where they were driven
to suicide
to collect
on a life insurance policy.
- I am not
responsible for this.
- You have a lovely family.
So did they.
I know this wasn't your idea.
I know you were forced into it.
Right?
I'm gonna write the story
with or without your help.
Give me Tozawa...
And I'll leave you out of it.
He confirmed everything--
that he was the one funneling
clients to the predatory lender
and that there was
yakuza involvement.
- He went on record?
- Well, not on the record
because he said
he has wire transactions
incriminating Tozawa.
He's gonna give them to me
as soon as he gets off work.
- Where?
- At his house.
- What's the address?
I'm sending someone
with a document scanner.
- I can do this myself.
- Obviously not.
You shouldn't have let him
out of your sight, Jake.
Let's hope
he hasn't changed his mind.
Give me the address now.
- You have to watch the heat.
So the fabric doesn't burn.
See?
Try it.
- Okay.
- Go away.
- Didn't I tell you what would
happen if you lied to me again?
I just talked to Duke.
You never straightened out
that gaijin bitch,
despite what you told me.
The boss wants to see you.
So you can answer
for your life failure.
On your knees.
- A man must take
responsibility for his actions.
Did you really think
you could take...
what was mine?
Kume.
- You're so desperate
to hold on to what's yours,
you've lost sight
of the future.
- What could Tozawa
have possibly offered you
to make you betray me?
- Hope!
You cling to these worthless
traditions
while Tozawa innovates!
Pushes boundaries!
He's got plane routes
right now
bringing in shabu
from North Korea!
- He sells poison,
so we should sell poison?
- Then how are we meant
to survive?
I watched while you let others
reach into your pocket
and take what's yours!
And why?
For "the righteous path"?
The "path"
will make us extinct!
What am I supposed to do?
- Jump.
- Do it with your own hand!
- No.
He will.
Kill him.
- It's all right,
little brother.
You were never made for this.
- Are you a part
of Chihara-kai... or not?
Choice is yours.
- With respect,
I told you we should have
paused our arrangement!
Now the press is involved!
What are we supposed
to do now?!
- There is no "we."
This is your problem,
Sugita.
- Then...
what do you expect me to do?
- I expect you to do
what is necessary.
And immediately.
Mm.
Excellent tea.
Could you excuse us?
- Of course.
- Thank you for calling me
first.
So...
what do you plan to do
with Kume's body?
- You know our policy
regarding traitors.
- Dismemberment. Castration.
You do that,
it won't look like a suicide.
The police will be arriving
soon.
If they find a body
that's been tampered with,
they'll have to investigate.
You don't want that.
The traitor was exposed,
justice was exacted.
An escalation of hostilities
would be bad for everyone.
Especially you.
- Especially me?
- Perhaps Chihara-kai could've
crushed Tozawa ten years ago.
Be smart about this.
Not reckless.
Can I depend
on your cooperation?
- No answer.
- He said to meet him
at this time, so...
- Hey, wait.
- The door's open.
Hello?
Sugita-san? It's Adelstein
from the "Meicho."
- Anyone home?
- Excuse me.
- There's music playing.
I'm coming in!
- Sugita-san?
Not here.
- No, he's not here.
- He's upstairs maybe.
- No, you can't
just go up there.
Excuse me. It's
Adelstein from the "Meicho!"
- Sugita-san?
There he is.
Sorry,
I heard the music, so I--
Sugita-san?
Sugita-san--
- Don't.
Danger. Don't Touch.
We should call the police.
- He left a note.
Fuck. Fuck!
- Are you my greeter?
- I regret to tell you that
Tozawa-san cannot make time
in his busy schedule
to speak with you today.
- Then you will do me the
courtesy of relaying a message.
An associate of yours, Kume,
is dead.
There will be no war between
you and the Chihara-kai.
- That may be a message
better delivered to Ishida.
- I delivered it to him myself.
And he in is agreement.
- I will convey this
information to Tozawa-san.
We will consider your request
carefully.
- You do that.
- Would you like... this...
- Forgive me.
It is all my fault.
Yesterday, you were so strong
and hard... it make me sore...
so now I was timid
and cautious.
Thank you for your patience.
- You'll do better next time,
Misaki.
- Fucking suicide note--
he took responsibility
for everything.
He let Tozawa completely
off the fuckin' hook!
- Lower your voice.
- Why?
Why would he do that?
- He killed himself
because of us.
It's our fault.
And you worry about your story?
- Dude, this is our job.
Job. Okay.
You carry the stupid scanner
back to the press club.
- Step back.
- Excuse me. That's my house.
- Are you a family member?
- Yes.
- Go ahead.
- Ukai is here.
- Fine.
I'll be there in a minute.
- My Master!
I have written
about your greatness.
My latest article.
I hope you will appreciate it.
- Go.
- Excuse me.
- Hai.
- So. What news from
the honorable detective?
- Our friend
in the Chihara-kai...
It appears he's been--
- Discovered?
Unfortunate.
Should we expect a response?
- No.
If Katagiri is to be believed,
Ishida has agreed to a truce.
- Without reprisal?
- Yes.
- He is weak.
- A greedy banker runs
a loan sharking scheme,
he gets found out,
and kills himself.
That's the story.
- Not the whole story.
We know the yakuza
are behind this.
I just need a little more time
to find the proof.
- There is no time! What's news
today is shit tomorrow!
- With respect, Jake is right,
Baku-san.
If we go to print now,
we miss the greater conspiracy.
- The only conspiracy
I see here is between
the two of you imbeciles,
teaming up against me.
We run with what we have!
- Jake. Jake! Jake...
if you go in there now,
you'll say something
that gives him no choice
but to fire you.
And from what I've seen today,
that would be a loss.
For all of us.
- The cops already raided
the lender and shut 'em down.
- I know.
- So another one'll pop up
and take its place.
But it's a great start, right?
- It's good.
- Maybe.
I mean, maybe it was good
until they hacked
all the balls off of it.
So everything
about Tozawa's gone.
- And that surprises you?
My father...
He was...very Japanese.
- "Very Japanese"?
- There are degrees.
He owned a little market.
He stocked his shelves,
kept his books.
Had a small wooden Buddha
on the counter
where he met his customers.
And on this figurine was carved:
"Not knowing... is Buddha."
It means,
not knowing is peaceful.
- So ignorance is bliss?
- I did not say
it worked for me.
- You know,
I don't think not knowing
is really part
of our job description.
- My father just wants me
to come home.
- Is it wrong for a father to
want to be close to his child?
- No. Of course not.
It's just, you know,
I did my time there.
I spent time with them,
and I'm here now
doing my own thing.
And the only thing
he says to me is, "Come home."
Maybe he could just be
a little bit proud of me,
you know?
- Last time we spoke,
you had come to a dead end
with the investigation.
I'm curious.
How did you crack it?
- I guess it was just your
standard reporter's ingenuity.
- You know...
Sugita-san,
the banker
who killed himself...
I can't--
I really can't help but think
that he wouldn't have done it
if only
I hadn't confronted him.
- The banker--
he dug his own grave.
That kind of thinking
will drive you mad.
Tonight, get yourself
good and drunk.
You'll feel better tomorrow.
- Oh, thanks.
Rough day?
Me too.
That problem your
boss had, did you work it out?
- Problem solved.
- Thank you.
Hi.
Care for a bottle?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Set the table, please?
- Come on.
- I can't believe I'm actually
defending America,
but at least in America
they have a thing
called fucking investigative
journalism, right?
- Mm-hmm. Right.
- You know, here, you can pay
for someone
to diaper and spank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- But if you rock the boat...
Don't fucking rock the boat.
Nah, fuck it.
Let's rock this boat.
Let's see what falls out,
right?
- Okay.
- What?
What? Am I boring you?
- No.
- What is--I spent half
a week's fucking salary
on this bottle.
Do you realize that?
Am I entitled to your
undivided attention or not?
- You had a bad day.
- Yes, I did.
- You wanna talk as friends?
- Yeah.
- I--we can do that.
- Okay.
- Sure. Not during work hours.
Pay attention.
This is my job.
Respect that or leave.
- Got something for me?
- What is it?
- Nothing. A fan letter.
- Ooh. Arigato.
- And take care of table five.
- Can I get some water?
- Hai.
- Hey. Come.
- Oh, good.
You're pulling my arm now.
You boys are so needy tonight.
- You need to take me serious.
There are rules!
- What are the rules?
I would love to know
the fuckin' rules.
- Everybody pays.
Everybody pays!
Oi.
Oi!
- I paid. We good now?
- I'm sorry. I don't--
- Good evening, Jack.
- Josh. Jake.
Jake. My name is Jake.
- Oh, okay.
What's your name?
- Polina.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice
to meet you.
You--you wait for Samantha?
She left. Back door.
With the yak.
- They left?
- Mm.
I do not meet my boyfriend
for two hours or so.
You want to see
my favorite place in all Tokyo?
I'll change.
Meet me outside.
Five minutes.
- This is not fair.
It's special, no?
- Yeah.
- Do you know these ones?
- No.
- They're the best.
They're little chocolate
biscuits shaped like mushroom.
I hate real mushrooms.
Back home, they put mushrooms
in everything.
When Akira first give me these,
I said, "No way."
But he had me taste,
and now they're my favorite.
Have some.
- Mmm.
- What's that mean?
- "Love comes
through the stomach."
What's your star sign?
- Um...I don't know.
- You don't know?
Come on. You know.
Well, when is your birthday?
- December 8th.
What?
- Samantha is Taurus.
Very practical, very stubborn.
You are Sagittarius
with the big dreams,
shooting your arrows.
It will never work.
It's not right time anyway.
She has--she has lots of shit
to deal with.
Wait. What is time?
- It's30.
- Oh, shit.
I must go. I'm sorry.
- You have to go?
Can--can we get something
to eat first?
- Jake, we will not be fucking.
You will find right woman.
But she must be fire sign.
Then you be happy, huh?
You are very cute.
- I can't figure you out.
- What do you mean?
- Okay.
I grew up in a pretty
religious family.
- Really?
- Mm.
My dad...
held a sort of high position
in our local parish.
We never missed a service.
We'd sit there, back straight,
eyes front.
If we made a sound,
my dad would go crazy.
But I actually
didn't mind going.
Because there were these times
that you felt this...
hum inside you.
Every part of you just...
alive for a moment.
A sense of connection.
And I haven't felt that
in a while.
And then you.
You made me feel that.
That sounds weird.
- I feel connection
when I'm with you.
- Thank you.
- You okay?
- A friend of mine...
he died today.
- Close friend?
- More than that.
He was my aniki.
- Sorry.
- I know I am not like him.
But if I continue like this..
I'm afraid I will...
end like him.
- If you wanna change
your life, change your life.
It's really, really hard.
But I did it.
I made mistakes,
but I got out of my cage.
You can too.
- Come in.
- What is that?
- Money.
Fair price for you to go away.
- Look, you've been paid
to find me.
I'm paying you
to say that you couldn't.
Everybody wins.
- I'm not interested
in your money.
If you had not left
our dinner so abruptly--
- Well, if it isn't money,
then what the fuck do you want?
- I want
what you will not sell.
- No fucking way.
- Not now.
You stink
like cigarettes and sweat.
I want you showered and rested.
So you'll meet here
tomorrow night
for our first session.
As long as I continue
to get what I want,
you will get what you want.
Everybody wins.
- Fuck you, you fucking sicko.
Fuckin' who comes up with--
- Samantha!
One call, and you'll be back
in the States
before the week is over.
You have an opportunity here
to make this all go away.
Don't test me.
- Oi.
Oi.
What are you here for?
- Fuck you.
- Oi!
- Aah!
Ahh!